AppCrazy Deformation Result
ori_appname:             example
ori_packagename:com.example

Squatting Generation Models       Squatting Name
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
vowel_character_deletion                 xample
vowel_character_deletion                 exmple
vowel_character_deletion                 exampl
vowel_character_insertion                aexample
vowel_character_insertion                eexample
vowel_character_insertion                oexample
vowel_character_insertion                iexample
vowel_character_insertion                uexample
vowel_character_insertion                exaample
vowel_character_insertion                exeample
vowel_character_insertion                exoample
vowel_character_insertion                exiample
vowel_character_insertion                exuample
vowel_character_insertion                examplae
vowel_character_insertion                examplee
vowel_character_insertion                examploe
vowel_character_insertion                examplie
vowel_character_insertion                examplue
vowel_character_substitution             axample
vowel_character_substitution             oxample
vowel_character_substitution             ixample
vowel_character_substitution             uxample
vowel_character_substitution             exemple
vowel_character_substitution             exomple
vowel_character_substitution             eximple
vowel_character_substitution             exumple
vowel_character_substitution             exampla
vowel_character_substitution             examplo
vowel_character_substitution             exampli
vowel_character_substitution             examplu
misspelling_mistakes_substition          exanple
misspelling_mistakes_substition          examble
misspelling_mistakes_substition          exampie
misspelling_mistakes_substition          examp1e
vowel_character_deletion                 cm.example
vowel_character_deletion                 com.xample
vowel_character_deletion                 com.exmple
vowel_character_deletion                 com.exampl
vowel_character_insertion                caom.example
vowel_character_insertion                ceom.example
vowel_character_insertion                coom.example
vowel_character_insertion                ciom.example
vowel_character_insertion                cuom.example
vowel_character_insertion                com.aexample
vowel_character_insertion                com.eexample
vowel_character_insertion                com.oexample
vowel_character_insertion                com.iexample
vowel_character_insertion                com.uexample
vowel_character_insertion                com.exaample
vowel_character_insertion                com.exeample
vowel_character_insertion                com.exoample
vowel_character_insertion                com.exiample
vowel_character_insertion                com.exuample
vowel_character_insertion                com.examplae
vowel_character_insertion                com.examplee
vowel_character_insertion                com.examploe
vowel_character_insertion                com.examplie
vowel_character_insertion                com.examplue
vowel_character_substitution             cam.example
vowel_character_substitution             cem.example
vowel_character_substitution             cim.example
vowel_character_substitution             cum.example
vowel_character_substitution             com.axample
vowel_character_substitution             com.oxample
vowel_character_substitution             com.ixample
vowel_character_substitution             com.uxample
vowel_character_substitution             com.exemple
vowel_character_substitution             com.exomple
vowel_character_substitution             com.eximple
vowel_character_substitution             com.exumple
vowel_character_substitution             com.exampla
vowel_character_substitution             com.examplo
vowel_character_substitution             com.exampli
vowel_character_substitution             com.examplu
misspelling_mistakes_substition          kom.example
misspelling_mistakes_substition          c0m.example
misspelling_mistakes_substition          con.example
misspelling_mistakes_substition          con.exanple
misspelling_mistakes_substition          com.exanple
misspelling_mistakes_substition          com.examble
misspelling_mistakes_substition          com.exampie
misspelling_mistakes_substition          com.examp1e
puncatuation_deletion                    comexample
string_rearrangement                     example.com
